Adding docs for new tesselator option in terrainloader (#1433)
visgl/loaders.gl: docs/whats-new.md

- Upgraded `apache-arrow` version to 4.0.0

**@loaders.gl/terrain**

> - Added new `tesselator` option in `TerrainLoader` for selecting desired method of mesh reconstruction

Reviewer: Maybe mention we support both TIN (Triangular irregular networks) and Delaunay triangulation.

Reviewer 2: Isn't delaunay triangulation a strict subset of TINs?

Reviewer: I haven't read up enough to say, but perhaps you can propose better wording? 

I just would be nice to articulate the differences in a functional way, rather than referencing two particular js modules.

Reviewer 2: Maybe just

```suggestion
- Added new `tesselator` option in `TerrainLoader` for selecting desired method of mesh generation. Use `'martini'` for faster but coarser mesh generation, or `'delatin'` for a slower method that supports non-square images.
```
